Test one, two, testing.
Good morning, everybody.
How are you doing?
Welcome to the show.
Baa Baa Baa Baa
Come with me, come with me And we shall run across the sky Illuminate the night I will try and guide you To better times, brighter days Don't be afraid to go Up the ladder to the roof Where we can see heaven much better Go up the ladder to the roof
Stay with me.
And we shall let expression ring.
Hear freedom in us singing.
Whoa, memory.
A broken dream.
Don't you know, don't you know that long feet away.
You'll go up the ladder to the room where we can see heaven much better.
Go up the ladder to the room
Don't you wanna go, don't you wanna go?
Up the ladder to the roof Where we can see heaven much better Up the ladder to the roof We can be closer to heaven Up the ladder to heaven Come on and go Up the ladder to heaven Come on and go
I don't know if that's everybody's taste.
Those are the nylons.
They're from like the 90s.
I think that, I don't know when that was released, but anyway, that's up the ladder to the roof.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is Giga Ohm Biological.
The voice that you hear is that of Jonathan Cooey coming to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I am in fact, the chief biologist of Giga Ohm Biological.
You can find the stain of my academic work back when I was an academy magician on PubMed.
using my last name and my first two initials.
You can also see a lot of my work misrepresented on the substack Woodhouse 76, where they try to have fake arguments with people like Claire Craig from Hart or Pierre Corey from what was the FLCCC and now is the IMA.
They also, you know, have arguments or discussions with Mike Eden and
and pretend to be Jay Bhattacharya's long-lost friend.
Anyway, the point is, is that you can also see sort of where I've been because not only did I get fired from a university medical school for speaking out about the pandemic, but when then I learned enough biology to know exactly how bad it was, Children's Health Defense actually let me go, which is really odd because I have a unblemished track record of good service as a
as a scientific advisor to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., which culminated in the publishing of the Wuhan coverup.
And after CHD hired me, apparently I became some kind of meddler and a shithead that they fired me.
I don't know what to say.
I've also been to a few barbecues with a guy by the name of Jay Bhattacharya.
I think he's got a job somewhere now.
And anyway, he knows a lot about what I've done over the last five years, because we've talked about it over tacos.
It's crazy.
Anyway, let's start the show here in December of 2021 with our friends.
I think you'll recognize ZDogg there on the left.
And Vinay Prasad, a guy who's going to be the head of the Center for Biologics Research something something at the FDA, which is an extraordinary position.
for someone to get as a result of essentially being both apparently a tenure-track professor at Stanford and also an avid YouTuber and often sidekick of ZDogg, a long track record of some serious
some serious bad YouTube videos.
Anyway, uh, without further ado, I'm sure you can already, uh, I gotta, I don't even know if I did this.
I gotta see if I, I don't think I did this.
I gotta set this one up here.
I'm pretty sure I'm going to need to do this because I didn't do it.
So I'll go like this and yep, exactly what I thought.
I'm going to make that a little bigger.
And then I'm going to focus in on where I'm sitting with a book.
This is just a little trick you do when you don't have a guy helping you out, some kind of producer behind the scenes.
I don't know if you want to read this book or anything like that, but I'll use this book to focus it just so I can see where my head's going to be.
There we go.
there he is hello this is december 24 2021 excuse me and i'm gonna enjoy my coffee and take some notes or laugh or whatever it is it's gonna happen here of course in december of 2021 is one of the first times maybe the first times i think it's one of the first times that marty mccarty
will join ZDogg and Vinay and there's all kinds of interesting things that will be spilled number one in this video that I heard when I was pre-listening to it while I was getting stuff ready and going back and forth trying to get my water bottle whatever it doesn't matter I have it playing in the background so I can kind of get where they're gonna go what the vibe of the video is
And I heard that Marty is actually from Egypt, which is so cool.
I didn't know that.
I don't think they made a big deal about that when they were confirming him.
Coffee is just a little cold.
boiling water to coffee from this morning.
And I guess that was a failed alchemy experiment.
Anyway, it'll be good enough because it's in a thermal mug.
Don't worry about me.
I'll be fine.
Thanks for joining me.
Here we go.
Oh gosh, I'm afraid to be honest.
I'm quite afraid to hit the arrow.
Hey guys, it's ZDoggMD, VPMD Vinay Prasad, Marty McCary.
Three M's.
Good to see you guys.
Dude, we're the three horsemen of the COVID apocalypse according to pretty much everybody.
We're doing a show, we're going to talk about all things.
We're going to talk about therapeutics, boosters, we're going to talk about Omicron.
I like to say I put the accent on the wrong syllable because it sounds more like a Decepticon than ever.
And we're going to talk about why we're sitting so close together.
I mean, the number of jokes already is really kind of atrocious, is it not?
I'm going to sit down here small for a little bit so that you can copy down my address where you can send a self-addressed stamped envelope to get a little
Velcro tactical patch of giga ohm biological or a couple stickers to put on your car or your water bottle.
And that zip code is 15102.
They're going for a comedy show here.
They're trying to project a very specific energy.
And of course, what I've been trying to teach everyone for a long time, and I hope that I'm making it very clear, if you do what I do, or Mark Kulak does, or what Joe Marshall does, and you go on screen all by yourself, you better darn well have something to say.
Now, I can see where there's gonna be lots of people, of course, who are gonna pretend like I have had nothing to say for five years, but those of you who have been following me and have been here for five years know where we are.
This is a crucial tipping point where people that we have seen coming, people that we have looked at their timeline and seen them coming, and it's really remarkable that we are at a stage where not only is this guy getting a very high appointment in the FDA,
But Stephen Hatfield is going to be a pandemic advisor to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Whatever that means.
Whatever it means when you're the advisor to the
to the mouse at Chuck E. Cheese.
Like, it's crazy where we are, and I'm very frightened by where we are, but at the same time, I think it's really important that we stay centered.
And since this is the ball that they want to put in front of us, we don't want to play the ball in the way that they want us to play it.
We have to play it our way, and our way is going back in time and looking at what these people were saying in 2020 and 2021 when the murder was happening in America.
He doesn't have a third microphone.
You know, my supporters fund the show and they're cheap.
They're so cheap.
All these resources.
Yeah, we're right on the show.
Is this an unboosted contact?
We're unmasked, unboosted, and unrepentant, Marty.
I mean, is this not already pretty macabre, given where we are now, where I think all these guys would say, well, I would have, I would have, I don't know if I would,
They're laughing about not being boosted.
It ain't going to get better.
Well, I'm an unboosted male.
That's my preferred pronoun, by the way.
Oh, is that your pronoun?
Unboosted male?
Yes.
I wonder if he said that at his confirmation hearing.
My pronouns are it, they, those, and currently unboosted because I got Moderna, which apparently kicks ass.
It's a good vaccine.
I'm 48.
I don't have a lot of comorbidities.
I have some clotting stuff, but I've never clotted.
It's just like theoretical, 23andMe, thank you very much.
So how about you?
You boosted?
So he just plugged 23andMe as telling him he has a propensity for clotting.
So he's telling us a genetic story about the propensity for clotting?
when in the future there will be a story about the mRNA shot causing clotting or the vaccine causing clotting or the virus causing clotting.
And of course, right now they're talking about the virus causing clotting.
And mixing them all together with very little precision on purpose.
In 2021, ladies and gentlemen,
This is at the end of the two years of murder.
I mean, let's just, I'm gonna escape for a second here and I'm gonna go to a slide that has the calendar on it with the deaths.
Hopefully this video won't start.
If it does, I'll pause it right away.
So I'm going to show you a video later in another show, or maybe today, depending on how well this goes.
I don't think it's going to go well enough for me to get this far from April of 2017.
But where we're talking about right now is the end of 2020.
Here you can see on the bottom the, let me get my, you can see on the bottom here, the little stripes that represent the year.
So we're at the end of 2021, which is right here.
So there's still a spring of murder.
It's going to happen.
We're right here, December of 2021, when these guys are talking.
So there's still a little murder left to happen, but quite a bit of murder has already happened.
And any of these guys have had a year to figure it out.
And they are instead laughing about not being boosted, right?
That's where we are in this little shtick.
And it's pretty dark.
It's definitely, definitely dark.
I mean, look at the way that they decided to thumbnail the video and start the video with this intense laughter.
I'll play it again just for the, for it to emphasize how macabre it is that there is a pandemic going on.
They have been, they have been bullying healthcare workers and old people
and college kids into fully accepting this narrative about a novel virus.
College kids are masking, they're testing every week, they're isolating if they test positive.
And the Saturday Night Live is about to make fun of the fact that the old people get the good vaccines and the young people are gonna get what's left, and it's Johnson and Johnson.
This is all kind of the timeframe where we're at right now, where this is the winter of severe disease and death for the unvaccinated.
That's the winter that this is.
Think about that.
Hey guys, it's ZDoggMD, VPMD Vinay Prasad, Marty McCary.
Three M's.
Good to see you guys.
Good to see you Marty.
We're the three horsemen of the COVID apocalypse according to pretty much everybody.
We're doing a show, we're gonna talk about all things.
We're gonna talk about therapeutics, boosters, we're gonna talk about Omicron.
I like to say I put the accent on the wrong syllable because it sounds more like a Decepticon than ever.
And we're gonna talk about why we're sitting so close together.
Why don't you start?
He doesn't have a third microphone.
You don't have a third microphone.
My supporters fund the show and they're cheap.
They're so cheap.
All these resources.
You guys boosted being that close.
Is this an unboosted contact?
We're unmasked, unboosted, and unrepentant, Marty.
I mean, let's be realistic.
How far are we away from him having a spot in his department?
I mean, why would it be absurd?
Marty hired him.
Well, I'm an unboosted male.
That's my preferred pronoun, by the way.
Oh, is that your pronoun, unboosted male?
Yes, my pronouns are it, they, those, and currently unboosted because I got Moderna, which apparently kicks ass.
It's a good vaccine.
I'm 48, I don't have a lot of comorbidities.
I have some clotting stuff, but I've never clotted.
It's just like theoretical, 23andMe, thank you very much.
So how about you, are you boosted?
You know too much about yourself.
It's a HIPAA violation to ask someone if they're,
Yeah, nevermind, nevermind, you don't have to say it.
Privacy is dead, my friend.
Privacy is dead right now.
But I do see that people do say that.
That's not true.
You can of course ask anyone their status, but no, I haven't gotten my booster yet.
You mean this week you haven't gotten, because you do weekly boosters, I'm sure, right?
Well, eventually we're all going to have to keep boosting.
You know, my vaccine card looks like one of those frequent flyer coffee cards where they punch the hole.
Like I boosted here, and boosted here, and boosted here, and when I get 10 boosters, Fauci sends me a Fauci bobblehead that says, I am the science.
I'm getting my booster sent with the GNC nutrition vitamins.
They have the same evidence.
I mean, do you understand what's happening here?
They're making jokes like at such a rapid fire pace between each other to try and create an illusion of consensus that number one, number one, that this is not scripted, which it most certainly is.
It most certainly is scripted.
They've either rehearsed it or they've looked over the questions or they know the answers.
It's, this is gross.
These are three actors.
They are auditioning.
for the roles that they now have in the state theater that is whatever the Trump administration is.
This is quite frightening.
I don't like being this kind of messenger, but this is real.
It's plain as day.
There's no other way to explain this.
This is an active audition done December 21 with a given script that they know they can't use incorrectly
and with big ideas they know they're supposed to laugh at, big ideas they know they're supposed to confuse and confound, and irrelevant things that they're supposed to argue about.
I can guarantee it, and I haven't watched it.
I listened to it from the bathroom for about 10 minutes.
So we're almost done with what I saw.
Or listened to.
What are the odds we are canceled now with the three time canceling incumbents?
I get yelled at for platforming each one of you separately.
Now all we need to do is bring Jay Bhattacharya and Monica Gandhi here and we'll have like the horsemen of the apocalypse.
And Twitter will just melt.
It will just turn into goo.
Did he just say Jay Bhattacharya and that, oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh, I mean it's, I just don't even, I don't even know where to start.
It's just remarkable.
It's like every sentence I should really pause it to point out what he just said and how remarkable it is.
He just said Jay Bhattacharya's name.
So, the booster thing, what is the deal with that, Marty?
Yeah, everybody forgot that the FDA external experts voted down boosters for everybody by a 16 to 2 vote just nine weeks ago.
And then all of a sudden, there's a variant that came maybe from South Africa,
And the immediate first response we have is we got to boost every single adult even if they had a natural immunity from prior infection.
It's almost as if we've come.
There's no association whatsoever between boosting a young healthy person and Omicron because we haven't done we haven't data on.
We don't know anything about it, right?
Yeah, we know nothing.
I mean, I think that's the paradox of what they were saying, was they were saying that, you know, we don't know anything about this.
At the same time, we have information that changes our booster recommendation.
Both those things can't be true.
If you have no new information about the variant, you can't change your recommendation.
So what's the primary message here?
Does anybody hear it?
There is a new variant called Omicron, and all three of these geniuses agree on that.
I hope you can really see that.
That's really important, that this whole debate and their charming demeanor and banter, there is an underlying assumption in it.
that if your dad or your mom or your brother, who's never seen my show before, nevermind watched it for five years, if they see this, then that underlying assumption is what gets put into their head as they try to listen to the conversation and understand what these people are saying.
Because the underlying assumptions of a conversation like this are precisely the enchantment.
And so if this conversation is scripted well enough, the enchantment can almost be like 99% effective on the people that watch it, provided they don't have the requisite knowledge to know that they're full of shit.
Just imagine three guys talking about poker and how to win poker if you don't play poker.
Just imagine three guys talking about how to juice up a sport bike if you're not a mechanic.
Just think about three guys talking about how to choose the right deer rifle if you're not a hunter.
Think about that because that's what these three guys are doing with respect to the existence of a virus, the necessity of a response, and whether or not it's good doesn't even matter.
and the relevance of vaccination.
They're all three.
Those assumptions are just rock solid through this whole comedy routine.
And that is the enchantment.
And that is why this is an audition.
You should see it as an audition.
They are demonstrating how valuable they could be.
And the better they do, the higher they rise.
And these guys are now at the FDA.
Otherwise, you could have changed it three weeks ago, but there's a reason why they voted against it.
You want to get into that?
Why did they not say a 20-year-old man who doesn't work in healthcare?
You know, so they did have an allowance for 18 and up if you worked in healthcare, but if you don't work in healthcare, the committee did not want those people to be boosted nine weeks ago, as you say.
We're blurring, you know, when people say boost people who are over, who are over age.
They are talking about whether someone needs a third hit in the head from a baseball bat.
And debating whether or not it's appropriate for what age group.
You have to see it for what it is.
The underlying assumption here is that they are debating a relevant medicine.
65.
Yes, definitely.
At least that'll reduce their risk, right?
And by the way, it's important to quantify what that reduction is.
It's a tenfold reduction in hospitalization from an already very low risk of hospitalization.
So what is the risk of hospitalization in a fully vaccinated American?
According to the CDC website, it's one in 26,000.
It's 3.8 per 100,000 per week.
And that was at the peak of Delta, by the way.
That was early September.
Again, reinforcing the fact that there are variants that we can track and that those variants can have different attributes depending on the precise sequence of their RNA.
Stop lying!
For sure, the thing about it is, is this surgeon doesn't know jack all about those ideas and could not get up to a whiteboard and explain himself about this.
He is following a script.
He's saying what he's told to say.
And that's what people who go to medical school and succeed are really good at doing.
They're good at remembering flow charts and giving you the right answer in the right circumstances.
And so they're also really good semi-fake improvisational actors, because depending on the scenario, they know to say yes, but instead of no.
It's a real magic trick, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a little neuro-linguistic programming.
It's a little bit of stage, you know, stage acting, and it's a whole lot of practice on the same script.
It's absolutely no different than how I progressed from being a guy who thought it was a lab leak and needed to teach everybody about what viruses were and what gain of function was to realizing that that was the trap and understanding that there's no real biological basis for those ideas other than all these people agree there is.
It took me five years to get there.
And do you see a genuine
let's say journey from 2020 when we didn't know what was going on to 2000, the end of 2021.
Do you see a guys that have been on a journey?
Do you see guys that have lost things because they spoke up?
Where's the happiness here?
The, you know, snappiness here.
There's no loss.
There's no bleak outlook.
There's no nothing.
This is like a discussion about the weather and whether or not the wind mattered for the America's Cup or not.
It's remarkable.
There's no compassion here.
Old people have died alone for a year and a half.
More than 150,000 Americans have died of opiates in the last two years.
And all they can do is discuss the variants and make funny names about them?
And now these guys are supposed to be the adults in the room?
Come on, guys.
America needs to wake up.
So if I told you, hey, you've got a level of protection where the risk of hospitalization is one in 26,000, I'm going to give you the option to lower that to one in 260,000.
Some people might say yes.
Other people might say there are side effects and ultra rare serious complications.
I'm OK with the risk tolerance of one in 26,000.
By the way, who is that one person?
I am, just wanted to acknowledge for free reign in the chat.
I do think that they rolled out J&J first and And the other one what was it in in the UK?
Come on, somebody put it in the chat.
What was the one in the UK?
It was the same kind of thing, but it would had a different name They rolled out those first on purpose.
Yes AstraZeneca they rolled those out first on purpose because
They knew already they were going to withdraw those as part of a show to say, hey, you know, we said we were serious about safety and look at us.
We're withdrawing a whole emergency product line.
You know, that's definitely part of the show.
Out of every 26,000, the only state that gives us a breakdown of breakthrough hospitalizations, North Dakota.
tells us the average age is 73 and the average age of a breakthrough death is 80.
And if you look at a population of 80 year olds, their time to death in general is not that long.
So it's kind of like, what are we really doing in terms of vaccinating healthy young people?
Their time to death is not that long.
So he's kind of thinking about the population pyramid in a way.
He's kind of touching on talking points that the population pyramid speaks to.
Is this an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that's being misconstrued as an RNA pandemic to create a crisis that doesn't exist and only a little murder and lies would be necessary?
Only a few actors in place.
Can you see it, ladies and gentlemen?
Can you see it?
People in terms of boosters, right?
Look, I understand the argument to vaccinate healthy young people as a herd effect and a community benefit.
And also some of those kids will actually get sick.
Isn't that awesome?
I understand the need to vaccinate healthy people.
That is spectacular because that's the exact opposite of what I am arguing now.
Thanks to five years of study, I don't believe that intramuscular injection is a logical way nor a rational way to deliver any combination of substances and call it medicine.
And whether or not this guy is sophisticated enough to understand it, I kind of doubt it.
I think he's happy to go along because it's a simple thing to understand.
It's a simple cartoon to teach other people.
I know because I did it for a couple years thinking that I really learned this stuff.
And I read all these figures and all these papers about virology.
So I know how this works.
It took a really long time for me to be able to step back.
And so it's going to take a lot of work for us to put together a book or a set of texts that's going to allow people to read it and try to step back, especially because so many people have read books like this and heard people like this talk, where for the last 20 minutes,
The underlying assumptions are the vaccine schedule is amazing.
The new vaccine works.
It's just a question of whether you need a booster or not.
COVID is real.
The variants are real.
And Omicron is apparently less dangerous than Delta.
be a small number, but they'll get sick and they'll clog up the hospitals and that kind of thing.
And they'll expose grandma and so on.
But that's why you vaccinate them with the two doses.
With the primary series, right?
Exactly.
But I guess, Marty, your point is, and the figures you're giving, that I think if anything, somebody might say that those are like the upper bound figures of risk reduction from boosting, right?
You're talking about, I think, Israeli data is what it sounds like to me, like the Israeli real world data for that figure.
On the tenfold reduction that comes out of Israel, on the rate of breakthrough hospitalizations being one in 26,000, that's right from the CDC's website.
But those are right from the CDC's website, but it's Israeli data, the data that they had a whole, you know, they had a central system already and they offered it to Pfizer freely.
Like, let Israel be the laboratory of the world.
And now the CDC is using that data to justify its recommendations to the American public that somehow or another the hospitalizations went down in people that took the vaccine.
But who didn't take the vaccine in Israel?
There were lines around the block that they showed us on the internet.
We were supposed to think it was unfair that they got it first.
Don't you remember this?
You gotta keep this in mind, ladies and gentlemen.
They played us like a fiddle.
And these guys helped.
That's why he is in the FDA right now and just hired that brown-haired child.
people with medical conditions, special situations, or very old people.
But your point is well taken, which is that people should know that the people who we think should be boosted, older people, people were older, older people in this age group, that that that's the kind of ballpark risks you're talking about.
That's right.
Now you start to extract.
Here's the thing.
And this is why I'm still optimistic as an American.
They are doing this on purpose.
They are putting somebody like Marty there on purpose.
They're putting somebody like him in there on purpose.
They're putting someone like Hatfield in his position on purpose.
And unfortunately they put Bobby Kennedy in his position on purpose.
Because in those positions, they basically have to do what they're told.
If they want to rise, if they want to be in the next administration, if they want to be appointed somewhere else, or if they would like to get a job with big pharma,
They're going to have to do what they're told.
And these guys are just very happy to be budding members of the ruling class in their own mind.
I assure you, these are not public servants.
These guys do not have an agenda in mind.
If you asked Vinay Prasad, what would you do if we put you at the head of the Center for Biologics and Research or whatever the hell it's called?
What would he, why?
Why him?
You want to give him funding to do his podcast, I get that.
But I don't understand what the argument would be for a guy who's published papers that are absolutely meaningless, like lots of them.
Look at his PubMed record versus mine.
Just compare them.
One of us was a basic scientist and never represented himself as anything else.
And the other one has gone from being a podcaster and a basically fraudulent academic to the FDA.
By working during the pandemic with a guy like him, it's really dark times in America.
And a lot of it has to do with how we are under the trap of social media.
There's no way for me to compete with them if I have to compete with them on YouTube.
There's just no way.
The same 300 people are going to see this livestream that have seen all the other ones and none more.
Every day I lose 2 YouTube subscribers and gain 2.
Every single day.
You can just see the line go like this.
There's never going to be a continuous rise of subscribers for GigaOM Biological.
It doesn't matter how funny I get or how varied the programming becomes because there is a block
on people being able to see this unless they are given it.
And so if you wanna help this stream, you gotta give it away.
You gotta post it places.
You gotta go to my Twitter and retweet everything that I tweet.
Anything that you don't like, don't retweet it, but just you have to do the work of sharing my stuff because I can't do it.
I can be live on Rumble, live on YouTube, live on my own website, and my own website will always get consistently more and more and more hits.
Every other website, it stays the same.
That's the remarkable thing.
The only growth I've ever seen was when I finally started my own PeerTube.
Before that, there was no growth on Twitter, no growth on YouTube, no growth anywhere that I tried to put stuff.
Even Twitch, I'm still stuck at 3,100 followers.
Think about this.
This is the real kind of censorship that goes on.
If you get to go on Tucker Carlson and complain about censorship, you're not being censored.
If you're regularly named as one of the top 12 spreaders of misinformation in America by all of the morning news programs, you're not being censored.
I belate that to a 25-year-old who's healthy.
Can you give us a sense of the numerical risk reduction for such a person?
I mean, the initial risk is probably as low to zero as you can.
Well, that's right.
If it's one in 26,000 overall, and we know people with a risk profile like- I mean, think about how exhausting this would be for your mom and dad to try and think, oh, wow, if I have to learn this.
to understand what you do, son, I guess I don't really, I don't know.
Or more importantly, imagine you're in my parents' position and they think that my son is arrogant for trying to think that he can argue with these people.
We know our son.
And that's because they're on social media too.
They're watching television all the time.
So all the way in 2021, they were already ready to just say, you know what, you lost your job at a university and you want us to believe you're the right guy?
I like, come on.
The whole world says there's a pandemic right now.
And we're supposed to pretend you're supposed, you're pretending that, you know, what's happening.
Come on.
I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen.
We are exactly where I thought we would be, but the characters that are rising to the top are just, I can't, I didn't expect it to be this blatant.
Olin Powell had, are those people.
Then what does that tell you about how skewed it is on the other end towards younger and healthy people, yet UMass Amherst just announced they're going to require boosters for every student.
So you've got young, healthy people who arguably could have been okay with maybe one dose,
Now remember, the vast majority of these are placebo, or even more, you can imagine that the boosters were placebo, just to make sure.
And that's part of the reason why you would definitely want to be aware of what you took, and everybody would want to see it.
Because you wouldn't want to give three or four live doses to somebody, because I assure you, that would be the end.
And that's the remarkable thing about this.
The other data that they are getting is maybe there is a subpopulation of humans that isn't so reactive to transfection or something like that, and they can find those people.
I don't know.
I don't think that's very likely, to be very honest.
I'm just trying to say that there are a lot of other questions that they could ask.
if you throw away the assumption that all the doses are the same, or that they tried to make all the doses the same, because they most assuredly did not.
The only way that the vaccine schedule has existed, the way that has existed in America up until now, is that many of those vaccines must be placebo.
There's no other way.
And if that sounds like a tall tale, I assure you,
you need to do a couple years more work before you're going to be able to argue with it.
I'm sure it's correct.
I mean, depending on what you look at, but they've got natural immunity half the time, if they check for it.
And now we're going to take people with natural immunity who have two doses and say you must get a third dose.
OK, so there you go.
That's the whole narrative, right?
Natural immunity is real.
You can check for it.
And then two doses plus a booster, we should debate that right now.
Now, I don't know what else is in this video.
I want to play it as long as possible.
But of course, there's another video that comes about two months after in March of 2022, that's just as upbeat and just as trying to be comedic routine.
And I want to watch that one as well.
before I give my brain a break in order to come here.
There's this term, have to, must, that's used in such a loose way.
What is that quantified risk?
Maybe you're okay with the one in 26,000 risk.
Maybe you're okay with the one in 100,000 risk if that's what it is skewed towards healthy people.
The idea that you have to, or you must, that's the language we hear.
Okay, so now we're going to start talking about the idea of mandates.
And also, I want to go back to these numbers that he's throwing out and point out that, in my humble opinion, these numbers are used as bait.
And they're bait because later on, these people can use those numbers or point to those numbers as part of the information required in order for someone to have informed consent.
Well, we have to tell people what the risk is.
That's not what informed consent is, in my humble opinion, and I think my opinion might be an expert one.
Informed consent is understanding the risks, not understanding the modeled probability of the risk, not the estimated probability of the risk.
You need to understand the nature
of the risk.
And that means understanding all of the information that can be available.
And for someone to take the time and make the effort to make sure that you understand all of the information available, so that you understand the nature of the risk, not the calculated mathematical relative values of the risks.
And so this is another enchantment that these three guys are very, very, very good at projecting.
That these numbers are real, that you can calculate these numbers, and that these numbers might be part of the brochure titled Informed Consent on COVID Vaccination if the FDA were doing its job.
Stop lying!
And it's not honest.
And we've seen this paternalism.
You cannot accept any risk of a mild infection.
We've seen that level of paternalism before in medicine.
Matter of fact, we see it all throughout medicine.
Like we couldn't allow women to have home pregnancy tests because we have to tell them the results.
By the way, it was all men saying that.
And you know, Marty, the other point that you made.
The perfect illusion of consensus.
Hmm, I should really find the time point of that and record that for a sound effect, wow.
I think it's as close to zero as you can get.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, and there's no provision to even look at that.
And the other thing is, I think this all dovetails into this overall culture of safetyism that has emerged, especially on college campuses.
It's like, on college campuses- So we went from paternalism to safetyism now, which I find extraordinary.
Like, this is not precise use of language.
This is extraordinarily awful.
And you need to see it as extraordinarily awful in order to put into accurate perspective the danger that America is in, given the fact that this man is now at a very influential office, supposedly, in the FDA, thanks to being appointed by the guy on the other side of the table, the Egyptian named Marty McCarty.
It's unsafe to use words.
Like, the one thing that we have as humans that prevent actual violence and damage.
Like, instead of violence, we- It averts violence.
It averts violence.
We have words to avert punching each other in the face.
But there are words that are the equivalent of punching someone in the face.
Well, of course they're gonna say, you need two vaccines plus a booster, plus you probably should go out and get naturally infected with Omicron, which may be less severe, just to be sure, and then maybe we'll let you in.
If your little shaved ice punch card is all the holes are punched, you must, right?
You see that study out of Germany that of all young people age five through 17, just keep listing all the studies and all the details of the studies and make it as complicated as possible because you don't actually have a message other than that there is a novel virus.
It can be sequenced.
People are dying from it.
It's just a question of how many.
And the only way we know is if we use PCR.
So I guess we'll just have to go on with it.
Not a single death from COVID in a healthy person.
All 100% of the deaths were clustered in people with a comorbid condition.
So two years of arguing about whether or not it's just other sick people that are dying or old people are dying or fat people are dying.
And here comes the big one, of course, fat people are dying.
Now I've heard the CDC data is that it is three quarters of the deaths in the under 11 age group was comorbid conditions.
Let me tell you something about the CDC.
Most of their studies would not qualify for a seventh grade science fair project.
None of them have been published in any medical journal for a reason.
The conclusions cannot be made from the data.
The two crack studies they put out on natural immunity.
I mean, how does the medical establishment not pile on to those studies?
Well, that's a good conversation because one of the studies is the one if correct me if I'm wrong, it's like among people with natural immunity, some of them chose to be vaccinated, some didn't.
That's right.
And both groups had like almost negligible rates of getting SARS-CoV-2.
Very, very low.
Less than 0.01.
Right.
But the group that chose to get vaccinated had a slightly even lower rate than the group that didn't.
Yeah.
But again, they're choosing.
They're very different people.
And it was a two month window.
In one state of Kentucky, even though they have data on all 50 states for the whole pandemic.
And they won't release the reinfection.
I see.
So you're saying that of all the places they could have looked, they're only looking in one place, one narrow snapshot fishing.
Yes.
And I guess the point is, the reason it's a flawed study is that you don't know it was the it was the vaccination that did it versus the characteristics of the type of people who sought back.
So they're going to be more careful.
Yeah.
But to your point, quickly, before
So the real flaws of the study, of course, are that they're using PCR to find something that PCR can't find and pretending that it's a high-fidelity marker that they can use to verify whether or not people are reinfected with something that PCR can never justify they're infected with.
And these three guys all agree that PCR works to do that.
Otherwise, the paper would mean nothing.
I hope you can see how important it is that on the primary sort of strategy card for Gigaohm Biological, I'm always trying to get you to come back to what is the presupposition of this whole conversation.
The presupposition of this whole conversation is that we are tracking, can track, and will continue to track a novel RNA sequence in the wild.
And we're using PCR and sometimes 105 PCR reactions to either track it or sequence it.
And the variants originally are a virus out of Wuhan.
The change to the Delta and now is the Omicron.
That is exactly where this is.
And you can't forget this history because I had already lost my job for a whole year.
I had already been writing letters to the people that I worked with in other labs trying to say, hey, dudes, don't transfect yourself, please.
I actually got a letter back from one of my colleagues saying that they just, they thought that I made a very,
well-thought-out argument, but they disagreed with my conclusions and thanked me very much for my letter and hoped that my family was fine.
And that's kind of where I left it.
It's remarkable, really, the amount of respect and personal
I mean, that was a pretty respectable human being that I sent a letter to, begging him to understand that something wasn't right.
And no one else but him responded, and he responded in a very gentlemanly way.
I almost was tempted to write back.
It was all in the same December, November, because December of 2021 is when
Kevin McKernan came on my stream and talked to me about the RNA and about how the RNA wasn't going to be pure.
That there was this tale in the fractionization that said that there were a lot of little tiny RNAs in there.
Of course, Catherine in the chat and a few other people are advanced enough in their biology to know that there's a lot of small RNAs in our cells that are doing work, and they are referred to in the literature as micro RNAs.
It's one of these things that because we know it's there, doesn't mean that we understand it or can estimate its value to the system.
We just know that there are examples of micro RNAs and small interfering RNAs, there's a technique that has evolved from it.
Um, where, where RNA is used to regulate RNA basically.
And so we don't understand how this system works, even if we can open up the watch and pull out different gears.
Look at this one's a different shape thing.
Yeah, it is, but you don't know how it worked in the watch.
And that's the trick.
You can take apart a watch piece by piece and you still don't know jack all about how it works.
And if you're not very, very careful, you're not gonna be able to put it back together.
And even if you put it back together and successfully get it to close, there's still a decent chance that it ain't gonna run like it did before you took it apart.
And biologists aren't taking apart a watch with 416 parts that are all pieces of metal or rubies.
They're taking apart something that's made of molecules and chemicals.
and somehow small leftover bacteria organelles and all kinds of other things that we've come to have a sort of rudimentary understanding of how they work together.
But that's about it.
We can explain to our kids what we think we see under a microscope and some of the experiments that we've done to justify what we think we see under a microscope.
And that's about as far as we've gotten.
And the reality is we've taught our kids the wrong lines for where the individual starts.
We've told our kids the wrong sort of model for how to think of themselves.
And so a whole generation of children is growing up believing that they are just the chemical and physical consequences of a thing called the genome and their genes.
And it's an absolute lie.
And it takes away almost all of what is sacred about us and our experience on earth, our little tiny time that we're supposed to use as wisely as possible, not scrolling.
These guys are now in charge.
And so if we can see them for who they are, then we can also see our government for what it is.
We can step back as a people
And I don't know what we will do then.
Can we put new people in there?
I don't know if there's enough new people to put in there.
I don't know if there are enough good people to put in there.
But what I need you to see right now is that what cannot
There's no other explanation other than to see that these are guys who have agreed to go to Disney World and put on the Donald Duck suit, to put on the Mickey Mouse costume, to put on the Goofy costume, and the Snow White costume, and the Snow White head, and go around and not talk to anybody, just shake the mask and take pictures with people.
And if you do talk, you know, I guess you have to stay exactly on script.
But in this case, you know, the analogy would be that you don't talk.
You just shake and move your head side to side and get in the picture and put your big thumbs up and make funny jokes without talking.
These are the people that are at the FDA now.
This is a red alert, America, a red alert.
Did I do something wrong there?
Oh man, I think I did.
Sorry, I gotta see if I can start that again.
Sometimes if I'm starting and stopping it too often, it'll... I'll just sit down here.
Hey guys, it's ZDoggMD, VP.
Walk around a restaurant, do you need to wear the mask?
When it's best ventilation.
Yeah, right, right.
Sit down, that's when... When you sit down next to all these people.
Sit down, talk for two hours, loud, yapping, singing songs in the bar.
That's okay, because you're sitting down.
Much smaller.
And to somebody who's already had natural immunity in addition to a vaccination, it's probably verging on zero.
Yep.
Okay, that's the argument of an individual risk.
Now what about for the person out there who says that at least some part of boosting is for a communal benefit.
So therefore the 20 year old kid in IT who's staying in his house all day, he should go and get a booster because maybe it'll help my grandmother.
What are your thoughts on that?
I think it's a reasonable argument.
I think I think there's value to getting increasing your immune protection to reduce community transmission.
But remember, the peak level of viral shedding was equal in vaccinated and unvaccinated people in the recent Lancet study.
It's just the window was more narrow.
I hope you can see this is an audition.
How well can he do it?
And all of these people were auditioning.
I think that's the most important, important, important thing to see.
given a script, encouraged on the script, and told that if you do well enough, you never know how far this is gonna go.
You might have a book, you might have a position in the Trump administration, and you should be behind X, you should be behind Y. You don't think that that's what Latipo did?
You don't think that that's what Ryan Cole is doing as he considers running for governor of Idaho?
You don't think that that's maybe what Peter McCullough
has essentially accomplished as the head of the wellness company.
You don't think that's what Doc Malik wanted when he sent that email to the wellness company saying, I'll be your European head, I need $10,000 a month.
This is not a game anymore, ladies and gentlemen.
This is treachery.
This is America being controlled, demolished by people that are being put in place that should not be there, should not be there.
What are we going to do next?
Appoint Jessica Rose to somewhere in the CDC?
in somebody vaccinated.
I would, you wanna say something?
No, I was just gonna say, and then you have to weigh that communal benefit against the communal cost, which is days missed of work from having side effects from the booze.
Think about how many variables my parents have to weigh if they listen to these guys and how easy it will be for them to just say, okay, just whatever.
Tell me what I have to do so I can get back to my Green Bay Packer football game.
booster, potential myocarditis, those kind of things we have to also factor in when you're holistically looking at, well, this is a policy decision now.
Yeah, I'm with Z on this because I think that it is okay, I think, to have policy that is driven by community benefit as long as the individual recipient is not suffering a decrement in their health.
And I do worry when you're talking about upper-bound benefits in a 25-year-old who's getting the third Moderna, that the upper-bound hospitalization benefit is basically as close to zero as you can get.
But the risk of myocarditis, it's not gonna be one in 5,000, I don't think.
It might be less, because that's what the data has emerged so far.
But it's not gonna be zero, and it might exceed the benefit of hospitalization.
So you can't ask a young person to literally take a harm for a societal benefit.
That is theoretical.
I mean, these people who talk about what the pandemic might be if we boost versus if we don't,
They're the same people who made a bunch of models that, last I checked, ain't very accurate.
They ain't very accurate.
It's the same geniuses that told people they can't visit their loved ones as they're dying in the ICU.
Yeah, they were not just geniuses.
They were real humanitarians, those people.
And, you know... I mean, just trying hard as possible to make jokes whenever they can.
It's just hilarious, isn't it?
That we separated all these old people and let them die alone.
It's just so funny, isn't it?
Wow, that's great.
Just awesome.
On top of that, there's this argument, well, you're gonna hurt grandma by not boosting, right?
Which is a very specious argument because the grandmas you're gonna hurt elected not to get vaccinated, most of them.
Oh, okay, that's an interesting.
Yeah, so they've already made their decision on where they want risk to be, which is fine.
That's fine.
And you're gonna take that risk?
Your risk in that age group is not the worst.
Whoa!
That guy has just said that the only grandmothers you're gonna kill are the grandmas that chose not to get vaccinated, and that's their choice anyway.
They knew the risk of not getting vaccinated, and so if they die, tough shit.
Stop lying!
Wow!
That was remarkable.
What a monster.
What a, it's not even really a monster, unless you think of it as kind of like a, like a monster on Sesame Street in a big costume that his mouth can move open really big with big eyes, but that's it.
You know, that monster, his mouth goes like this big.
That's this guy right here, Z-Dog, wow.
you know, one in 26,000, right?
It's considerably higher.
If you wanted to make a yin-yang of the pandemic, what you would do is you'd take this guy's head and you'd take Kevin McCarron's head and you'd kind of swirl them together.
And that would be the ultimate sort of yin-yang of the pandemic.
It's this extreme on one side and Kevin McCarron on the other.
Wow, that is perfect.
But still, right?
And it's the same thing, you know, in the early days, I'd always say your risk of getting, if you're in your 20s, your risk of dying in a car accident is something like 10 times or two times higher than your risk of dying of COVID, whereas it inverts when you get older.
So, you know, we just don't understand risk well.
Somebody, and- It inverts when you get older.
I'm going to get a pile of criticism for saying this.
You think what you're going to say now is going to get... All the stuff you've been saying is going to get you a pile.
You're going to get a deluge now.
Have you ever seen a more forced laugh in your life?
I mean, audition, audition.
The man has no self-insight at all.
I've never been criticized for anything I've ever said, but now I will.
And that is in the New England Journal of Medicine paper on vaccine complications.
Somebody died.
A 22-year-old died in that group of 134 people who got myocarditis.
That was in Israel, a country 1 38th our size.
And that's the one case that's documented, that's confirmed that we know of, and I'm not making my own conclusions about it.
I'm just telling you what was in the New England Journal of Medicine.
But why is that so important?
Well, if we take that number and extrapolate it to the U.S.
population, are we prepared to extrapolate that number of deaths from vaccination
And how does that compare with the deaths from COVID in healthy people?
Correct.
And I think, Marty, to your point, two things can... So now he's saying that as long as what, those deaths are significantly different, as long as a lot more people died of COVID than died of the shot, then it's all right.
I want you to think very carefully about that because that is what that little
Weasel just said.
I'll even go back to make sure that you can hear it because it was, it's pretty treacherous to say that.
I got to get my head out of the way for a second while I use this.
Why isn't it doing there?
Come on.
Well, oh no, I know why because it's not running.
Sorry.
It can be true at the same time.
The people who want to identify in that group of 134 people who got myocarditis, that was in Israel, a country 1 38th our size.
And that's the one case that's documented, that's confirmed that we know of.
And I'm not making my own conclusions about it.
I'm just telling you what was in the New England Journal of Medicine.
But why is that so important?
Well, if we take that number and extrapolate it to the US population, are we prepared to extrapolate that number of deaths from vaccination?
And how does that compare with the deaths from COVID in healthy people?
Correct.
And I think, Marty, to your point, two things can be true at the same time.
The people who want to, I think, have you not talked so much about myocarditis, they say things that is true, which is that it's mostly mild.
But all adverse events
exist on a continuum, a spectrum.
COVID's mostly mild.
You could say that, right.
Oh, don't say that.
You said so many dangerous things, Marty.
Keep going.
But that doesn't mean, but your point is well taken, that it's not just what happens to most people.
It's what happens to the tail people.
It's what happens to that, you know, there's a distribution of events and most myocarditis will be mild.
Thank goodness.
Most will self resolve.
Some will have a long-term late gadolinium enhancement.
We don't really know what LGE means on T2-weighted MRs. We don't really have the full implications.
He just dropped a bunch of ridiculously complicated stuff to try and tell you that there's a way to measure the deposition of something called gallium in the heart.
And if it deposits there, it can be an indication that some of the muscle has been damaged.
And they've also made the argument that myocarditis can completely heal, which quite a few cardiologists disagree with.
And none of these guys are cardiologists, but they're very certain that mild myocarditis is something that anybody can get over, which is so not true.
And how's mild myocarditis for an old person?
I mean, what are they talking about here other than the script that they've been given?
And we're going to bounce back and forth these ideas.
And here are the talking points.
Let's just have fun, right?
Just don't forget to have fun.
Will some lead to chronic arrhythmia, chronic cardiac disturbance?
Will some lead to shortened life expectancy down the road?
But what we do know for sure is that it does have the potential to have catastrophic short-term failure and death, as in this case report from Israel.
And that should give people some caution that it's not all mild, it's mostly mild.
Just like COVID is not all benign, it's largely a lot of people recover.
Right, and I think to put a little container around this Chernobyl activity, which I love, we're not trying to invoke fear by saying, oh, potentially there's an arrhythmia.
We're just saying, listen, you have to think about all these things when you're looking at a risk-benefit for a population.
And I'll add another piece here that a lot of people don't talk about.
Again, risk-benefit for a population.
So we're not talking about the sovereign individual.
We're not talking about the principle of the perfect child, the perfect,
pattern integrity that doesn't need the ham-fisted augmentation of an injection in the muscle.
It's just remarkable when you see it now after so many years of really understanding.
And the darkness that was present at this time, I mean, it's awful.
Talk about, because I get the emails, right?
So these people are- I don't read them.
Yeah, you don't read them?
Life is great, life is great when you don't read the emails.
I gotta say this, I've been increasing my meditation amount to like two, three, four hours a day.
I get up at like four and meditate for two hours in a day.
Yeah, I know, minutes.
Well, that's the best.
I mean, the real actual quality meditation is one minute of thoughtless space.
The rest is all just me watching my thoughts and getting angry about something someone said on Twitter.
But since that's happened, I look at email less and I try to batch them and only do them on the weekends.
So I'll sit for three hours and I'll go through 400 emails.
And what I read is young people who've maybe had COVID, maybe they've gotten the first two doses.
Now they're talking about boosters.
And number one, they have deep needle fear.
So there's something that conditioned them when they were young.
They got stuck five times at once, which is all fine.
But now they have this terrifying piece of needle fear.
They are worried about myocarditis because they have some family history.
So their anxiety levels through the roof.
The media's already stoked their anxiety fear contagion.
And they're asking me, what should I do?
I'm scared to do it.
I'm scared not to do it.
And this has a cost.
Yeah, I can't go to college unless I do it.
Yeah, that I think is problematic.
And I mean, to Zubin's point, I guess I- It's not very problematic.
All we had to do was tell kids not to go.
Just take a year off.
Stand up for yourself.
You're an adult.
Don't go to college.
That's what I would have done.
And anybody could have given their kids that advice.
I tried to tell Piper Stover to give her kids that advice.
I told everybody that in 2021, don't go back to college then.
Why do you have to go back?
But of course the whole point was to get the college kids to have to make that really awful choice between do you want to party and go to football games and basketball games and maybe meet your, the love of your life.
Because let's face it, nobody is so desperate to start their bachelors in accounting that they have to go to college this fall.
Especially after four years of high school with AP classes.
Give me a break.
You couldn't have done something else?
This is the reality.
This whole idea that, oh, now, you know, kids have to go back to college.
It's just a question of whether or not certain colleges are going to require boosters or not.
It's ridiculous, ladies and gentlemen, that we fell for it.
when it would have been over in an instant if everybody would have just said, you know what?
You want to require my adult children, my adult children that are going to your university for 20 to $50,000 a year, taking out loans to go to your shitty university.
And now you're going to treat them like that.
Well, then they're just not going to go this year.
And somehow or another, no parent in America that had that idea ever got that message out.
Social media just seemed to be completely devoid of parents who could have seen through this bullshit enough to at least say, you know what?
Let's just stay home this year.
I want you to think about that very carefully because of course these guys are all part of that.
These young, charming, YouTube promoted people are part of that.
And they're still part of it now because they're not going back and realizing that, wow, there was a really simple solution.
And they'll never go back to find out that there was a guy who got fired from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine who was trying to offer that solution.
I wanna also be clear that I'm a huge proponent of vaccination.
Yeah, both of us are.
Yeah, we both are.
The reason is you can be a proponent for something, but recognize that there are always populations or groups where you need to have a lighter touch.
And in this case, for instance, other countries around the world, they're not using Moderna under 30, right?
Such as Germany, Denmark.
That's right, right.
They're not using Moderna, why?
because they say we have Pfizer, and Pfizer has less myocarditis than Moderna.
So why would we take more myocarditis when you get most- They recommend against it.
Now they're telling you a story about, you know, that some of these vaccines are appropriate for some ages and different countries are doing different things.
And so obviously this is an argument, a discussion that needs to be had.
Stop lying!
against it.
Some countries explicitly against it.
Some countries don't even let you get it.
Some countries let you get it if you choose to opt into it, but different strategies.
But this country, you know, or nothing, it's all or nothing.
And it's three, it's three or three or you're not quote fully vaccinated.
You know, that's, that's a problem.
And you know, what's really interesting is you can't talk about masking a two and three year old as a question
But the WHO says don't do it.
So the US, if- Yeah, but Steve Hadfield says to do it.
Steve Hadfield said we should have been masking Barney the dinosaur in 2020 so that kids would not be so scared of masks.
He said we should wear an apron when we treat our sick kids and make them use a separate toilet.
I feel like we've lost the ability to even have the- Because there's so much virus in their stool.
If there is a signal in their stool, it's from a bacteriophage or bacteria, not from something called a coronavirus, I can tell you that for sure.
This course about it, because of the same thing you talked about, where there's a narrative that has to be kind of pushed.
And I don't know how this became a narrative.
What happened here?
And of course, this is neuro-linguistic programming.
What is the underlying assumption that your brain hears when he talks like this?
It's that he's not part of the narrative.
He doesn't understand how this became a narrative.
And so your brain starts to hear a sort of, oh, well, I guess I can trust this guy then because he's breaking me out of the narrative.
But of course, he didn't break you out of the narrative because the real narrative is that PCR works to track a novel signal in the background, a novel signal carried by RNA.
And this mythology alone is the justification for everything else.
All the way to transfecting and transforming old people in 2020, and then moving up and on down the line of ages, all the way to the childhood vaccine was precisely possible because of three clowns like this.
Creating an illusion of consensus that these are the questions to ask, these are the most rational answers,
and they're breaking the narrative of the state.
Well, I've talked to public health officials behind the scenes.
You know, I'm in the Washington, D.C.
area.
And here's here's something that they argue.
And it's not a it's not a completely flawed argument.
It's just one I disagree with.
And that is there is value to a very simple, streamlined message.
In other words, vaccinate everybody, ignore natural immunity, just vaccinate everybody.
And maybe that simplicity of the messaging will result in more vaccinations among those who don't have natural immunity.
I disagree with that because I believe we should be 100% honest with people and not be so paternalistic.
And we've again seen this in so many areas of medicine.
That's the second time he said it's paternalism or paternalistic so clearly that's on the talking point merry-go-round or hamster wheel depending on how you want to see it.
That isn't up to this day.
We're seeing with the booster conversation, you must, have to.
How about quantifying that risk to them?
And the other thing they say is that... Quantifying the risk is not informed consent.
Make sure you hear that many, many times over.
Quantifying the risk is not informed consent.
But with the kids, you know, sure, yes, maybe for a child who's had COVID, they don't need to vaccinate.
But there are those with comorbidities, and we really want to get them vaccinated.
So do a universal vaccine policy.
But you know what's simple?
If you're tiling a room, it's simple to just use the tiles that come from the store.
But when you get to the corners of the room, you got to start cutting the tiles or you're going to have some problems on the corners.
And so, you know, simplicity can be a problem.
It can be such a problem that there are groups of people who are actually hurt by simplicity.
And you lose credibility.
I mean, should we do mammograms?
Groups of people are hurt by simplicity is a very interestingly close argument to the idea that, you know, we need to screen everybody genetically before we're going to know what medicines are appropriate for who, because not all medicines work for everybody.
Very similar to the 2007... 17? 17?
2017 argument of Kevin McKernan in the video we watched a couple days ago.
Remarkably close.
For all men and women, including children.
Just to keep it simple.
Keep it simple.
What are you saying, Marty?
Listen, this is not breast tissue.
It's muscle.
Are you suggesting that kids don't need a colonoscopy?
Are you gonna just let them die?
I would just do the genetic test on their stool to rule out the possibility of colon cancer, which doesn't exist.
I'm glad you're anti-colon cancer in children because for a second there, I thought you wanted to just let them die.
Colon cancer is one of those things that has risen over the course of the transfection era in children.
Interesting thing to joke about in 2021.
You know what?
You're dangerous.
The other thing I want to say, Marty, though, about this is this is America.
So we have a certain cultural set of norms around not having the government tell us everything that we're supposed to do.
So pros and cons of that for sure.
But this is America.
So Americans don't like when people aren't.
Americans don't like is how you talk when you're not an American.
I bet you can go through all the hours of my stream and I would never have once spoken in that way because I am an American.
My kids are Americans.
My kids live in America and I want my grandkids to live in America.
So I guess I'm an American.
And I give a shit a lot about what happens in America.
This guy is awful.
Just direct, like, hey, here's the deal.
Here's the nuance, right?
Hey, you know what?
We're asking you not to wear masks because there aren't enough freaking masks for the people who really need them.
Let's just say that.
Right.
Instead of what Fauci did, the flip-flop and so on.
Surface transmission.
Yeah, all the geniuses that kept loved ones out of the ICU.
It was good that you scanned your menu for that QR code, because that's what keeps you safe at night, right?
You know what?
and the hygiene theater of putting your mask on until you sit down and then taking it off.
Only when you walk- He looks up.
I wonder if there's actually cue cards.
I think that there might be somebody cue carding them.
And so, you know, flashing something up or maybe it comes up on a screen, but I bet it's just a guy with a little whiteboard that he can write something on.
I shit you not.
I can see it.
Look.
He's not looking at Marty.
He's looking over the head of Marty.
Do you see this shit?
This is really awful.
This is worse than I thought.
It's really scary.
to the current pandemic, if you were in the White House, you know, you might view it as like anything that gets the cases, and maybe this can lead to the case discussion we wanna talk about, anything that can get cases down is something we ought to pursue.
Considerably higher, but still, right?
And it's the same thing, you know, in the early days, I would always say your risk of getting, if you're in your 20s, your risk of dying in a car accident is something like 10 times or two times higher than your risk of dying of COVID, whereas it inverts when you get older.
So, you know, we just don't understand.
Okay, I went back a little too far.
I'm going to get a pile of criticism first.
I'll try to base it.
You think what you're going to say now is going to get... Mostly mild.
Just like COVID is not... Who don't have natural immunity.
I disagree with that because I believe we should be 100% honest with people.
Yeah, that's good.
And not be so paternalistic.
And we've, again, seen this in so many areas of medicine.
Watch where he looks, no.
You must have to.
How about quantifying that risk to them?
See if we can see it more often.
And the other thing they say is that with the kids, you know, sure, yes, maybe for a child who's had COVID, they don't need to vaccinate, but there are those with comorbidities and we really want to get them vaccinated, so do a universal vaccine policy.
But you know what's simple?
If you're tiling a room, it's simple to just use the tiles that come from the store.
But when you get to the corners of the room, you gotta start cutting the tiles or you're gonna have some problems on the corners.
And so simplicity can be a problem.
It can be such a problem that there are groups of people who are actually hurt by simplicity.
Okay, so remember, this is a good one to review because this is essentially what James Lyons Wyler would argue, that there are genetic and environmental causes of these damages.
There is a vulnerability that could be there and it's on the fringes of the population because most people aren't hurt at all.
It's rare.
And the rarity is not because sometimes intramuscular injection goes catastrophically wrong and sometimes it doesn't go wrong and it goes wrong over a much longer timescale.
No, it's because these people are genetic variants.
Anecdotal, you know, far parts of the curve.
Lose credibility.
I mean, should we do mammograms for all men and women, just to keep it simple?
Keep it simple.
What are you saying, Marty?
Listen, this is not breast tissue.
It's muscle.
Are you suggesting that kids don't need a colonoscopy?
Are you going to just let them die?
I would just do the genetic test on their stool to rule out the possibility of colon cancer, which doesn't exist.
I'm glad you're anti colon cancer and children, because for a second there, I thought I wanted to just let them die.
You know what?
You're dangerous.
The other thing I want to say, Marty, though, about this is this is America.
So we have a certain cultural set of norms around not having the government tell us everything that we're supposed to do.
So pros and cons of that, for sure.
But this is America.
So Americans don't like when people are just direct.
Like, hey, here's the deal.
Here's the nuance, right?
Hey, you know what?
We're asking you not to wear masks because there aren't enough freaking masks for the people who really need them.
Let's just say that instead of what,
Fauci did the flip-flop and so on.
Surface transmission.
All the geniuses that kept loved ones out of the ICU.
But good thing you scanned your menu for that QR code, because that's what keeps you safe at night, right?
You know what?
And the hygiene theater of putting your mask on until you sit down, and then taking it off.
Only when you walk around a restaurant do you need to wear the mask.
When it's best ventilation.
Sit down, talk for two hours loud, yapping, singing songs in the bar.
That's okay because you're sitting down.
But can I offer one more suggestion about
I mean, one narrative for why these policies are wrong in these places, and I do think that it's not just you and me and Zubin to some degree and Cody Meissner and Walid and some other people who think that there's some problems on the margin with these policies.
One explanation is that they're trying to keep things really simple.
Okay.
Another explanation is that there is a tension.
What do you think?
I'm posing this as a question to you.
There's a tension between what is good politics and what is good medicine.
And from a political calculation, if you are somebody whose future is tied to the current pandemic, if you're in the White House, you might view it as like anything that gets the cases, and maybe this can lead to the case discussion we wanna talk about.
Anything that can get cases down is something we ought to pursue.
And you don't think about it the way a doctor thinks about it, which is like for this 16-year-old boy in my office who I've documented he had COVID and he recovered from COVID.
And he's an athlete who's poised to get a college scholarship.
And he already got one dose of the vaccine.
Should I give him the second dose?
No.
OK, right.
That's what a doctor would say.
I think you're right.
I think if you're really honest, most pediatricians would say that for such a boy.
Absolutely.
OK.
But now you're the White House.
Now what's the risk benefit to you in the White House?
Because if this kid goes out there and he ends up getting the sniffles and he gets a swab and it's.
I don't really think we need to keep going with this one if I'm gonna hit the other one for a little while.
And I do wanna do that before I end.
It's only 1237, so I do still have time.
You can find this on YouTube.
It's very easy.
I'm not gonna give you the link, but you can find it.
This is the one where they talk about Omicron and that's in the title.
So you can find that when you look up ZDogg and Vinay and Marty.
It's positive.
Now, I just want to be clear, I don't think all of the people in this picture are bad guys, but I do think that all of these people in particular are aware of me.
And that makes them somewhat suspicious because they are going along with the rest of the people in this picture.
Now I am very aware that it only takes half of the people in the picture to be in on it for the rest of them to be essentially enchanted by the ones that are in on it.
If this guy and this guy and this girl get on stage and all lie together and then introduce her and they all tell you a story, it's gonna be very hard for you to see through it.
If they invite some of these people to a private hotel and they have a little conference together and they meet at breakfast, then it's gonna be very hard for them to see through.
And now these people are enchanted by these people.
And before you know it, they can work together to enchant the people at the top.
And I don't know who belongs at the top up there where they're just Truman showed into a position.
But I do think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been Truman showed into a position that he doesn't even understand how out of his depth he is.
I think Jay Bhattacharya is another person who has been Truman showed into a position and wanted somehow or another to
You know, I mean, there's a game being played here and it's not about the truth.
It's about going along to get along and then you can be part of the ruling elite.
And that's what you see happening with Vinay and probably will happen with ZDogg for all we know.
I mean, it's crazy right now how bold they are being by putting someone like Steven Hatfield, the original suspect of the anthrax leaks or attacks in 2001,
The guy who was associated with Ebola in Rhodesia, a guy who declared that he really didn't like Merrill Nass when he was on Tommy's podcast with Robert Malone and was on stage with almost all of these people in 2023 in Romania in November.
I mean, it's there.
You can see it right now that these people are part of a fake global something.
They are funded by Big Pharma.
They are funded by Merck or Goldman Sachs or something.
And they are using and demonstrating the power of social media.
Because if you let these people loose on social media and you amplify their accounts, you are going to get a very good result.
And that good result is where we are right now, because you don't know who Brandy Vaughn is, you've never heard of Mark Kulak, you don't know who Joe Marshall is, and you don't know who I am.
Even though I wrote a book with the guy at the top, who most of these people agree is an absolute hero in the perfect position to save us.
And you know, with Jay Bhattacharya at his side, how could he fail?
This is all being done for the Human Genome Project, the longest running global cooperative network of data collectors there ever has been.
Because China is in the same population pyramid trap that we are, they have a very, very big interest, a vested interest in being able to manage it just like we do.
There's an exchange going on here or something like that.
We are being sold out to higher powers, to weaponized piles of money that even the Communist Party of China is subject to.
The ruling people in Russia are subject to.
Everybody's subject to it.
The EU is part of it.
The Human Genome Project is the
the longest running human project or human endeavor ever.
Because it essentially started with, by its conception, and then a absolutely international effort to assemble the computing power, the computer storage, the network capabilities, the machine learning algorithms,
and the molecular biological tools necessary to sample the entire human population while it is at a size which might be mathematically relevant to a machine learning algorithm figuring something out that we have no hope of figuring out.
That's their plan.
And they're gonna stick to it because they believe that maybe the machine learning algorithm doesn't exist.
Maybe we don't have this key piece of data.
Maybe something's gonna fall out then.
They know that they're not there yet.
So they have to build the infrastructure.
They can't just decide, well, I guess it's not gonna work.
So why would we build the infrastructure to store that much data?
Why would we try to invent the processors that could do that?
No.
NVIDIA is not for making AI videos faster and more cool so that they can make fake movies of people.
All this technology is bent on one goal.
Absolutely, positively one goal.
All of these PSYOPs are bent on one goal.
9-11 was bent on the same goal.
Probably AIDS had this goal in mind.
The narrative had this goal in mind.
I don't know how to break it to you, but we're there.
We are absolutely there.
It's a spectacular commitment to lies and beautiful computer graphics generated to make sure that staying committed to those lies is easy.
With videos like this, it's very easy for ZDogg to have discussions about seroprevalence.
With videos like this, it's very easy to have discussions about the relevance of RNA and its reaching dendritic cells because you can show this cartoon of RNA reaching a dendritic cell and then everybody will just accept it, including ZDogg, including Vinay Prasad, including the surgeon Marty McCarty.
I don't think any of them is a Native American person.
Like, I really don't think.
I think if you checked out, you would find that all of their parents are foreigners.
If they were born in the United States, they're first generation born in the United States.
And I would not be surprised if they weren't born here.
Am I sounding like a nationalist?
I guess I am, but there are a lot of mutts in America like me with a multi-ethnic background that need to stand up for themselves as Americans.
Because the narrative on television is that America is a bunch of white people and a bunch of black people and a bunch of Hispanics, and they're all pissed at each other.
And that's not the reality at all.
The reality is, is that there's a very mixed bag of Americans.
And dividing us on white and black and Hispanic is really convenient for them.
And that's also why they bring those people on.
It's exactly the question they want you asking.
Where do I fit in?
You're an American.
That's where you fit in.
You're a member of your own community.
And you're a citizen of your state.
That's where you fit in.
There's no need for there to be white communities and black communities any more than there's a need to have people who are cheering for the Chicago Cubs never socialize with people who cheer for the Chicago White Sox.
That would be absurd.
And over the last 10 or 15 years, they've used social media and mainstream media to convince us that that's normal.
that America should be divided when it wasn't that way when I was a kid.
It wasn't that way when I was a kid.
That's the end of that video, sorry.
Marty!
Welcome back, man.
It's good to see you, Marty.
We just launched right into it.
VP, ZD, MM.
Double M. Great to see you guys.
With the three horsemen are back to cause harm in the universe.
I had so much fun last time.
So many people came up to me and said, you know, it was just fun to watch the interaction and banter.
People like the show.
People come up to me with like a white glove and slap me across the face.
Challenge me to a duel, dude.
Who are these people that are talking to you?
They're racist if they're using a white glove.
Exactly.
Thank you, there's an equity issue here.
I think people learned something last time.
They may have decreased in knowledge.
No, no, they learned.
You were dropping facts on their head, Marty.
They weren't ready to hear them.
Hey, I'm a fact guy.
You're a fact guy.
We're all in the news business, I know, right?
In the news business.
I've had faxes dropped on my head.
That's the difference.
You know, it's funny, knowledge can neither be created nor destroyed according to the first law of thermodynamics, and yet we managed to destroy knowledge in the last episode we did.
You know how you can add these arbitrary titles to what you are?
You know, like most people decided to add epidemiologists to their, you know, credentials.
I'm a eucronologist now.
Trust me, I'm an epidemiologist.
Right, eucronologist.
That's a new specialty that's emerging on Twitter.
Yeah, I see them.
So my latest is I'm adding fact checker.
Oh, of course.
You guys can be fact checkers, too.
I'm you have to already have a strong point of view and be unwilling to reconsider it.
That's the key.
That's a key thing.
You have to have strong opinions.
Yes.
Actually, this is important.
So a friend of mine, Daniel Schmachtenberger, wrote a piece on his Concilius Projects dot org website about the dangers of fact checking.
And seriously, so we know we're in.
I really like this comment right here.
Ever notice how Maha is make America healthy again instead of make Americans healthy again?
Very, very nice comment.
Well done.
Information ecology that's so fractured, you don't even know what's true anymore.
Like, I don't know, are the Ukrainians winning?
Are they losing?
Am I bald?
Do I have hair?
It's not clear.
So there are three kind of things that you can do with fact-checking that can mislead people, even with real facts.
And one is the failure to contextualize the fact, right?
So we see this all the time.
Like, here's a study.
The study shows, without a doubt, that masking a two-year-old prevents apocalypse.
It's a parachute, ZDogg.
It's a parachute.
If you don't study a parachute, you just know it works.
You selectively did choose things you don't want to study.
You call them parachute.
Of course.
Issues, right?
That's right.
It's a hallmark of medicine.
You know, we've published a couple of papers on this where we looked at people who claim their medical practice is like a parachute.
And it's almost always something that could easily be assessed.
And 50% of the time, it has already been studied in a randomized study, proving it ain't no parachute.
So people listening may not know, the parachute argument is when you say, well, we don't do a randomized control trial with parachutes.
It's just so obvious that they're effective.
So people selectively use that to say, look, I believe in this medical dogma and there's no need to study it because it's like a parachute.
Exactly.
And so the parachute of masks
for two-year-olds.
Cloth masks.
The good one.
The one that everyone's wearing.
But the truth is the majority of people in this country who wore masks to this day, it's still cloth.
The last people in America forced to wear cloth masks are kids two through five.
In New York City and other places.
Servers, waiters, staff.
The least powerful people.
yeah the defense speaking of least powerful defenseless people so my daughter a middle schooler age 14 they just got rid of the mask mandate public schools here yet every single child in her school wears a mask they don't want to piss off he's looking at two people what happened one above marty teachers great and one to the left to the right of z dog unions where they say
You know what, it's okay if schools closed for a year.
If they don't catch up with their timetables, that's okay.
But what they did learn was what was important, like the words coup and insurrection, which it's really, school is not about accomplishing knowledge.
It's about understanding your social purpose, diversity and inclusion, and social justice.
Greatest domestic policy failure of this pandemic in the US, there are many failures.
We'll have to have a contest for which, but I'd say the greatest is school closure, one year.
Yeah, I would say that's number one, school closures, forced cloth masks on kids, ignoring natural immunity, surface transmission instead of aerosolized virus, the interval between the two doses.
That's another one, yeah.
That's a good one.
I mean, we closed schools, but we didn't close universities.
Think about that.
Right?
We closed schools, but we didn't close universities.
And we really didn't close schools.
We just sent kids home with iPads.
And these three doctors don't see that as a problem.
That couldn't have damaged anybody.
That didn't put anybody behind.
They just talked through it as being silly in 2022.
Those were my kids.
But that's it.
That's a partial list.
That's an opening salvo.
Okay, I see.
Yeah, draconian hospital visitation policies.
Yeah, we talked about that.
Boosters for children.
Boosters for young people with no data to support.
Oh, that's true.
And you want to boost in the most young people and not boost the elderly.
That was apparently the new strategy.
Basically, the one size fits all thirst.
That wasn't good.
Public health officials want a single message to apply to everybody.
But that's what they say is their justification for why they have this backwards protocol.
But the truth is, there's so much complexity already.
For instance, if you got Pfizer, you got 30 micrograms, two doses, 21 days apart, that's what they wanted.
But if you got Moderna, it was 100.
28 days apart.
And then initially the Moderna EUA for booster was after six months, Pfizer was five, but then they homogenized that using Pfizer data for Moderna.
So my point is just, and then J&J was initially one dose.
He has kids.
And of course they wanted mRNA booster after the one dose.
My point is just that we have always tolerated complexity.
The problem is for the complexity, they don't want to acknowledge natural immunity complexity or the fact that younger people have lower risks than older people.
Younger people having lower risk than old people and natural immunity is the only script that people like Mike Yeadon had from the very beginning.
Very similar to what this guy's saying now.
Mike Yeadon was there in the very beginning to argue for natural immunity and for there being a difference between the risk for old people and young people, which
Like it or not, reinforces the existence of the virus, reinforces the existence of a novel pathogen that can be detected by PCR and can be sequenced if you have enough of the primer pairs.
This is the one way to see through all of these people because if they wanted to get rid of this illusion, they would always go back to the basis of it, which is that in order to have this argument, you must accept that PCR works to track a free-range RNA in the background
of a human being's microbiome of the biology around us, which is absolutely flooded with genetic signals from bacteria.
Flooded.
There is absolutely no way that these rudimentary PCR reactions are capable of pulling out a signal that is useful in diagnosing the presence of a much larger RNA molecule, because that is the mythology.
That by amplifying a small sequence with a set of primers from a background
that you have indicated that there is a presence of a sequence that is 10 times or 100 times longer than the amplicon that they found.
We found Once Upon a Time on a little scrap of paper, so we're gonna assume that a Charles Dickens novel is in your lungs in many, many, many, many, many, many copies because we found Once Upon a Time in cycle 22.
And so there's all kinds of ways that a nefarious group of people that wanted to create the illusion of something could create it.
Because about the only thing they can do is make reasonably short sequences of pure DNA and put it in places.
And then they could find it with PCR and it would work really well.
And even, even Carey Mullis would agree that, oh yeah, they found it.
But the argument that they're making is that it's on a background that doesn't matter.
And that's why they can use such a rudimentary thing as a PCR test with a single amplicon and a single pair of primers.
Because they're finding a signal that is equivalent to the sentence, once upon a time, in a library full of fiction books.
And that is the most inadequate analogy I've come up with in probably five years to describe how irreducibly complex this genetic background of signaling is and how much they have to get us to ignore.
And that is why they tell us stories exclusively about RNA that infect us.
It's very likely that there are no
RNA that infect us.
Think about that for a second.
they don't want to acknowledge, then they say, you can't handle that complexity.
You can handle all the complexity we want you to handle, but not the complexity that we don't.
And this, again, is how you lie with facts.
So the idea that you decontextualize a fact, you take it out of the context.
Once again, this is a kind of military psyop, because what you see here is somebody who's purporting to explain what's being done to us.
how they're using facts to get us to do what they want to, even though they're, it's nefarious.
It's very similar, but less extreme than what Robert Malone has toured the world and written a book published by CHD and Skyhorse Publishing about how the Cywar works and why he was on stage with Sasha Latupova and that Mahaltra guy from the UK and Meryl Nass.
on stage in Stockholm in January of 2023, all with those people saying that you're never going to figure out who it is.
You have no hope of figuring out who it is, because it is the Psywar of America.
And they showed the video of the Psywar advertisement for America's army.
Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Sasha Latupova, and Aseem Malhotra did that in Sweden with Mike Palmer from the Doctors for COVID Ethics in 2023.
These are all traitors to Earth's grandchildren.
That's how bad this is.
They're all doing it.
You're never gonna figure it out.
And if you do, it's this guy who's gonna tell you what's going on.
Come on, ladies and gentlemen.
That's how they pretend.
Well, what were the limitations of the study?
What are the limitations of the data set?
What is the actual context of this civilization?
You're putting this data into all of that.
You take it out and you go, hey, did you know the study showed that masking a two-year-old means less COVID?
It's like, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but.
So that's one way to lie with facts.
And we've been lied to with facts, I think, for a lot of this, don't you think?
On all sides of this, COVIDian and COVIDiate side.
You're using data now and facts and taboo.
It's actually scary because what we've been lied to about is actually that there is a health freedom movement in America, an anti-vax movement in America, because that's what we've been lied about.
There isn't one.
There is no health freedom movement.
This guy, this guy, and the other guy, Marty, are not part of a health freedom movement with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
at their head.
What you saw was a very elaborate theater.
It was ultimately designed to put Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
into a position of power, but I think they kind of tricked him.
I think they probably got him really fired up about running for president, all the while knowing he didn't have a chance because he wasn't in the script.
And they probably even published this book with the intention of making sure that Bobby believed in himself because other people believed in him.
So much so that they wrote a book about how he could become president by being an independent candidate and joining the ticket of somebody else.
And lo and behold, that almost happened.
And this book is from 2008.
And now these guys are getting power at the FDA, which I think is one organization that they definitely want to change drastically its mandate.
from safe and effective medical devices.
They don't want that anymore because there's still a vulnerability there that this whole PCR illusion can be dismissed by the FDA.
If the FDA were to just focus on, okay, let's go back and look and see how many of those tests actually did anything.
And let's see what we spent our money on, but they never will.
Not unless we make it happen.
But there were over 220 EUA-granted tests in America that defined the very illusion that these guys are sure exists.
A novel virus killing thousands, if not millions, that the vaccine has saved people from, kept them out of the hospital, and it's the grandmothers that didn't choose to get the vaccine.
That's their own risk.
They chose to do that.
Those are the only grandmothers that are gonna die.
That's what they said in the episode two months before this one.
You really shouldn't be doing that.
You should just come up with a, you should meet with the marketing department and come up with an easy message that everyone will be able to follow without asking any questions.
You know, I heard this interesting analysis.
Burger King, have it your way.
Yes.
Brilliant.
Learn from the king.
Yes.
That guy had it right.
He was a little dysmorphic, a little shady looking, a little frightening to children.
But there's a Burger King avatar.
Oh, I remember now.
It's a weird dude.
Weird looking dude.
Dude, just grill the burgers and shut up.
Man, I'll go with Grimace any day over that Burger King.
Dude, Grimace.
Grimace.
That guy.
OK, let me tell you about Grimace real quick.
He's purple.
That's McDonald's, isn't it?
Yeah, it's Mickey D's.
It's McDonald's.
It's Mickey D's.
You're shifting here.
Grimace had central obesity, purple striae.
He was a little psychotic.
Type 2 diabetes.
He had type 2 diabetes.
He's cushingoid.
He had adrenal storm.
Some kind of storm.
Lots of storms going on in there.
Yeah, we can do a sleeve or a gastric bypass on him.
No, why don't you get to the source?
Take away the adrenal.
No, we don't want to deal with the underlying issues that bring people to care.
Listen, ever since the Hamburglar had his ripple, it's been downhill since then.
Don't talk about food as medicine and school lunch programs.
We only talk about surgical outcomes after bariatric surgery.
That's a good point that in many ways, like the fact that as a culture, you know, we've never really dealt with the obesity epidemic at the root level of, you know, the kinds of processed foods we feed kids and the terrible school lunch programs we offer.
And we want to deal with it with this kind of last ditch solution.
A lot of ways is kind of similar to COVID-19, not getting to the root causes.
That's right.
Yeah.
And that's the exciting thing right now, people, doctors, I find are dying to reach out into the community, get out of the bounds of the walls of the hospital, where they treat things at the end, you know, last stages of illness, and start to talk about cooking classes for people with diabetes, and stress management, and
sleep medicine applied to high blood pressure management, you know, stuff beyond just sort of the whack-a-mole once they come in with the problem.
So that's, that's an exciting trend.
And it does apply to COVID.
The interesting thing I heard about COVID recently from an HIV scientist was that we all bring our biases to any problem in medicine, right?
We all have our approach.
I mean, basically... Is that like a, is that like military intelligence?
Like,
Wow, that's really funny.
I'm sorry.
I think it's very funny.
The people in charge of COVID policy, the people making all the decisions, are basically HIV doctors.
And so with HIV, there was no natural immunity.
So interesting, right, that he's citing something that we've cited before, that it's interesting how all of these people have trained with Fauci on HIV.
So they either have to be so naive as to accept that, you know, you're just baking cakes.
So you just go ahead and we'll tell you what cakes to bake and you'll rise in the thing.
or they're actually read in on the narrative.
And I don't think there are very many people that are read in on the narrative.
I'm not sure, but I think that, for example, Walensky, her commitment to the lie suggests to me that she was probably read in on the narrative and knows to a certain extent what the lie is.
I think Redfield definitely knows that HIV was a lie.
I'm sure that Robert Gallo has to know.
I'm sure that somebody like Horowitz, you know, this guy right here, he knows it's a lie.
That's why he wrote a giant book about HIV and all the other viruses that were going to come and get us.
This guy knows it's a lie.
That's why this book is still a tome.
and why his video questioning Robert Gallo about carcinogenic feline viruses and the little words are coming down, that's why that video was seen by everybody in the last five years.
I mean, I also really believe that Kerry Mullis was kind of an unwitting participant in this as well.
I don't think that
Joshua Lederberg can be so close to him in terms of timeline and position and yet never mentioned in the narrative about Cary Mullis.
It's just, there's too many.
And then also having him connected to the 9-11 Commission.
And I mean, I just, it goes on and on, ladies and gentlemen.
We have them.
We have them by the short hairs right now.
With HIV, the risk was equally distributed in the population in their mind.
That's at least direct quote from Dr. Fauci during the AIDS epidemic was that everybody is at risk.
So, you know, here you have an infection where there is natural immunity, it's effective, it's real.
Here you have an infection where- Here you have an infection where you have natural immunity and it's real.
There's no way, there's no reason to talk like that.
except that he's on a script and he's supposed to hit these marks just like Kevin McKernan did last year in that stream that I played a couple days ago at the end where he says there is an RNA hit it it can be sequenced it can be moved from person to person and it does cause something something like it it's it was remarkable
There's a 10,000-fold difference in the risk between an older person with comorbidity and a young, healthy teenager.
And yet, so that natural bias, it's not suggesting people weren't well-intended, but they're bringing maybe the biases from that HIV perspective.
in managing that epidemic to COVID.
You don't mandate things.
You teach people.
You give them the tools, resources, and autonomy to make these decisions, and then they do it.
We never forced condoms on gay men.
We never forced abstinence on you.
We had conversations with them as grownups, and we haven't really done that very well in COVID.
In fact, we understand risk so badly to circle back to my daughter's story in the classroom.
So everybody's wearing masks.
My daughter says, well, she feels pressured to do it, so she's fine.
She doesn't have a problem.
Even though there's no requirement.
There's no requirement.
It's the polite thing to do, Marty.
Everybody is double and triple vaccinated.
Do they know what life is like without a mask?
I mean, some kids that are four or five years old.
My daughter entered middle school as a teenager in COVID and has never, I mean, had a year of a year of remote class.
And then, so the teacher, so one student has the audacity to take their mask off in the class.
The teacher said, Billy Bob, or whatever your name is, if you're gonna take your mask off, I'm not comfortable with that because I'm high risk, she's my age, triple vaccinated, or she or she.
And I'm gonna put you next to the door.
So I'm gonna move you, says this to the whole class, move you to the door.
Why the door, not the window?
By the way, all the windows are open in the classroom in the winter.
So these three guys accept that the masks work.
They have to accept that the masks work.
They're not taking any stance on it at all.
This is in March of 2022.
And this video goes on and on and on.
How is it possible that he's at the head of the FDA right now?
How is it possible?
You have to excel through the open window.
Because they're high risk.
Wait, hold on.
So they put him by the door.
They put him by the door.
Where the air is stagnant.
And my daughter comes home and tells me this story, and she's like, yeah, I feel really bad for this kid.
He didn't do anything wrong.
I'm like, you're a smart girl.
But you know who did is the person who doesn't understand risk.
And that's what we're getting at here.
And so again, as I said before, I think it's an important point from this stream.
These guys are making the subconscious argument to everybody listening to this, that informed consent involves understanding the risks.
And so you need a mathematical representation of all the risks.
And then only then can you make an informed choice.
It has nothing to do with understanding the nature of the risk, nothing to understanding the nature of the risk by understanding the biology of the argument.
Because you see, if the argument is that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is a great way to augment your immune system, that's not a good argument.
And then to say that, well, we're gonna do that for a novel virus that we can't even prove exists, now that's a doubly, triply bad argument, you see?
And instead of getting down to the root of the root of the root of the bullshit, these guys are debating whether or not certain age groups should get boosted or not.
And whether or not masks, mask mandates, or is there pressure, or, you know, putting the kid by the door, oh, maybe you should exhale out the window, ha, ha, ha.
It's as malevolent as possible.
because it is a military exercise.
You wanna know what the military exercise was?
It's the script that these three guys are on.
It's the script that Sasha Latupova is on with regard to batches.
It is the script with regard to the contamination of the Pfizer shot with a plasmid from manufacturing.
These are the military script that this is on to get maximum compliance out of our children.
please understand there is not a way to bring this with a lot of sunshine and laughter if you understand how the dangerous position that my country is in
But don't you feel like, you know, we've conditioned, I mean, we've conditioned the teacher into believing this in a few ways.
Number one.
It's not their fault, yeah.
Yeah, I don't think it's the teacher's fault.
I mean, it's kind of a cultural thing.
Like, where would I trace the root to?
I mean, obviously, anxiety was through the roof in March and April 2020.
People wanted to do something.
And even though the entire preexisting body of evidence was quite critical of cloth masking, which is why the WHO and CDC didn't recommend it initially.
Cloth masking, again, we're throwing in details that don't matter.
Right?
Oh, maybe it's just N95.
Oh, I don't know, man.
Oh, wow.
People wanted to do something, and there was a strong advocacy movement.
There's been a great article about this called The Mask Debacle in Tablet Magazine, and it really kind of unpacks some of the history here.
And so then people jumped aboard, but of course, to jump aboard and make a switch this big, you kind of gotta be a propagandist and kind of really sell it.
And then quickly, by the summer, masks were a symbol of virtue.
Trump didn't wear his, and of course, he's the bad guy, he's the horrible person, so we wanted to do the opposite of him.
So in the liberal place where we're located,
Anything Trump does, we'll do the opposite.
We'll do the opposite.
And really hard to prove how much better we are than him.
Obviously, that's the philosophy.
And so then this person digs in more.
They're in a culture where everyone they're talking to talks about how important the mask is.
And then the next thing they know, they're behaving the way, if you really stand out.
It sounds like they understand exactly how Bannon's script is going to herd as many conservative cats as possible into a fake health freedom movement.
It sounds like they understand very well what the goal of this operation is to do.
I can think about it.
It's quite cruel that a teacher would.
Oh, it's to single out a child to make them feel.
You know, I can imagine this.
I feel bad for this kid, too.
Yeah, yeah.
Here's the thing.
And the kids, right?
It's right.
Doesn't hurt.
They're all vaccinated in that school, right?
Oh, they're all boosted.
Except for my daughter.
Don't tell the museum.
Oh, yeah.
Don't tell the museum staff.
I'm not very good at faking laughter, so maybe I'll just use the laugh track and I'll just try to go along with it.
I don't know what to do anymore.
Where is he looking?
The museums are having their own panel to discuss the Moderna data the drop today because you want the museum the museum should be the first person to decide on the new vaccine data and then let's go to tell me about this data tell me about this data what's going on with Moderna you want to talk about that
I was going to say, distorted perception of risk out there.
So did you see the study of a journalist who studied bicyclers in Palo Alto?
And he found that 46 percent were wearing a mask while riding their bike, but only right by Stanford campus.
He was at an intersection.
And only 17 percent were wearing a helmet.
So there's this completely distorted perception of risk.
And you're being, I think, appropriately kind in saying people have a distorted perception of risk because of the messaging that's being sent out.
Sonia Sotomayor probably truly believes- What you need to see is that what they are doing is essentially selling Twitter, selling Facebook, selling YouTube.
It works.
Look what we were able to do.
What do you think that toilet paper rush at the beginning of the pandemic was all about?
It was about demonstrating to the elites, demonstrating to the ruling class that social media had so much power, we could make people fight over toilet paper in the fricking supermarket.
And we can make Americans believe that people are fighting about toilet paper so they will go fight about it because they need toilet paper too.
And this has been demonstration after demonstration after demonstration.
Look at how we can make people behave the way we want them to behave.
And it's not being done by edicts.
It's being done by social media.
It's being done by fake podcasts.
Fake podcasts are the most dangerous because if there are three actors that are coordinating their lying, anyone, anyone, no matter how smart you are, does not have a chance if you trust them.
You don't have a chance.
There were 100,000 kids in the hospital.
Are you saying that number was a little off, Marty?
Well, I think it was 1,300 at the time.
And no one's a little lower than 100,000.
The thing is, the CDC still can't tell us how many were for COVID versus with COVID.
They just acknowledged they were wrong about the number of children who have passed away with this virus.
Oh, yeah.
They cut it by 24%.
The total COVID death tally in the United States, the CDC just cut by 24%.
And they still can't tell us how many were for COVID.
We're not talking about something fancy.
No fancy math.
We're talking about counting.
But how do you count?
They're not really aware of how you count and that counting could be distorted because of financial incentives.
They're not aware of any of that.
They're not aware of the incentive to fake death certificates because you could get like $35,000 a pop.
I'm going to play devil's advocate.
No children should die.
Of course, children don't die.
Right.
And children die from more than COVID.
They die from profound isolation and mental illness and homicide and suicide.
And opioids.
They die from not knowing their times table.
In other words, poor education is correlated.
That's been proven.
Many studies show that failure to attain these traditional educational outcomes, like mathematics and reading, are profoundly tied to life expectancy and upward mobility in these things.
That's health.
Learning your times table is health.
It's a type of health to get around in this world.
And so they're not acknowledging that setting back the entire American population of children a couple of years in school is not a problem.
Again, it sounds like the plan is right on target.
I agree.
Especially if you're Asian or Indian.
We were born knowing it.
I'll kill you if you don't learn your times table.
I mean, it's a help.
It's an existential risk.
My dad would always kind of make special equations for us to study at home.
And he's like, why are they only teaching you one variable?
You know, let's get another variable in there.
Come on, let's make it a little harder.
But to your point, Marty.
I would really be interested to see a mathematical discussion between Matt Crawford and these three about differential equations.
or even just, you know, equations with more than one variable.
I would love to see it.
I would love to see them discuss the solution of a polynomial equation.
Holy crap.
Oh, helmet wearing a mask.
You know, maybe there's no reason to protect a brain that's not working when it's right.
Oh, well, Marty, but the bottom line is those those helmets have big holes in them.
They're going to let virus right through.
Why would you waste your time wearing that?
But I just gave this talk at the Society of Gynecologic Oncology, SGO.
That must have been fun.
It was good.
I actually bet it was a lot.
I learned a ton.
When I'm at these meetings and specialties outside of my own, I learn a ton.
I love learning.
And so they were telling me about some of the new chemotherapy pathways.
I was talking to some folks about the uterus transplant operation.
Apparently they've done 20 of these at Baylor.
and they transplant the uterus, the individual gets pregnant, and then they remove the uterus afterwards.
Oh, so you don't get rejection and all that.
Yeah, you don't have to deal with the immunosuppressants.
I mean, it's amazing.
We have a protocol at Johns Hopkins.
Is that for men?
What are they talking about?
and to start this.
So could a male get a uterine transplant?
I mean, a genetically male.
How dare you ask that?
Actually, I asked the same question when I heard this.
Yeah, of course you did.
There would be no other reason not to do it.
There would be no other reason to do that in a woman.
That's just remarkable.
I'm for ZDoggMD.
We need more Zs.
There's got to be some vetting process.
Yeah.
We need more Zs in the world.
Yes, we do.
Definitely.
So what's the answer to that question?
So there's discussion about it, but it's not part of any current protocol.
But I guess even if they did that, they'd have to do a lot of hormone regulation too?
Yeah.
Wasn't this covered in an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie?
Oh, yeah.
It was called Twins.
Wasn't it?
No, it wasn't Twins.
I forget, but it was awesome.
I thought it was a Schwarzenegger.
You know, anything that Schwarzenegger does is scientifically perfectly accurate.
Did you see his talk thing on Russia?
Oh, it was crazy awesome.
It was really good.
He's like, listen to my friends in Russia.
Hear me now and believe me later.
They are lying to you.
Putin is a bad man.
But it was a great story, that inspirational story.
Does he wear a helmet when he bites?
I don't know if there's helmets that large.
for Arnold?
You just if you wear a lot of masks, I mean, it functions as a helmet.
Ladies and gentlemen, I don't have a great message for that's for everyone.
But I do have a message that is for anyone.
And the message is very simple.
People were put in place on social media to make sure that the damage from transformation and transfection could be effectively blamed on the novel virus spike protein.
Those people are behind a Truman show that has placed Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
into a position of power, Marty McCarty in a position of power, Binet Prasad in a position of power, and Jay Bhattacharya, Jayanta Bhattacharya, in a position of power, all because the Human Genome Project is moving very quickly to its next stage, where medical records will be stored en masse on a giant database, and then AI will be used
to interface those records with the genomes that have been collected throughout the pandemic, or something like that.
I don't work for the Department of Energy, so I can't really tell you what their plan is, but I am sure that this is not over.
I am sure, thanks to Mark Kulak, that it is very likely that the Human Genome Project was right dead center in the middle of 9-11.
Terrorists my ass.
That's the reason why nobody talks about Brandy Vaughn and why nobody talks about the six million votes that autism was worth in the UK when Polly Tommy was on 90 billboards in her bra.
It's the same reason why Suzanne Humphreys is in front of us not saying what she needs to say or rather saying exactly what she needs to say instead of saying that there's a huge difference between ingestion and injection and there's no way to justify injection of any combination of substances as a medicine.
She is put in place specifically not to say that.
Just like Mary Holland is put in place.
Just like this clown was put in place.
here in Pennsylvania and has been with us before.
We appreciate him coming back to the Capitol today to share his expertise.
Dr. Lyons-Weiler is a research scientist, author, and president and CEO of the Institute for Pure and Applied Knowledge.
Thank you, doctor, for coming.
Thank you.
Representative Metcalf, I want to thank the media for being here and thank everyone online for sharing this across all social platforms.
I'm an objective research scientist and I have two main points that I want to drive home.
The first one is the number 21%.
I want you to remember that number and write it down.
It's a very, very important number to you if you're an American citizen.
The second thing, and I'll get to that in a minute, the second thing that I want to say is I'm not here in support of any particular bill.
I run a not-for-profit and I can't say yay or nay on my opinion.
What my personal opinion is is muted and I don't mind that, but I can condemn
the politicization of your health, the politicization and the commoditization of the American citizen's health, Pennsylvania citizen's health is not a commodity.
It is neither a monetary commodity nor is it a political commodity.
And shame on you.
If you have changed your position or held on to a position in the light of evidence from data from studies that tell you that your position is wrong simply because you disagree with President Trump, shame on you.
You're hurting people.
You're hurting society.
You're destroying businesses.
Shame on you.
Is it not obvious?
This is a guy who before the pandemic argued that vaccine preventable diseases were circulating asymptomatically among people who were vaccinated because that's how vaccines work.
He is a guy who wrote a book about the environmental and genetic causes of autism to obfuscate the fact that no intramuscular injection is justified as medicine.
and that the entire idea of a vaccine is a lie.
And here he is in February of 2020, pretending to be on Trump's team, pretending to do something like speak out, and these people are somehow there pretending to listen to him.
Now that I got that out, I can talk about some science.
Okay, historically, coronaviruses
Vaccines for coronaviruses have had a terrible safety record.
There is a condition known as disease enhancement due to pathogenic priming.
And this was discovered in vaccinated animals in past vaccine safety studies when they did conduct vaccine safety studies on animals on coronavirus vaccines where vaccinated animals got more serious disease after being vaccinated and then when they acquired an infection from the wild type vaccine.
More of animals got serious infections, serious conditions, and more animals died.
In my peer-reviewed research paid for the citizens of the United States of America through donations to IPAC, prior to the development of any COVID vaccines, I found that all but one of the proteins in the SARS-CoV-2 virus have what we call unsafe epitopes.
right, which are parts of proteins that are capable of causing immune conditions, autoimmune conditions and immune responses against proteins in our own body.
This is peer reviewed research, and I'll be happy to provide the press with.
I'm sorry, I see this is wrong.
It's not February of it's not February.
It's October.
Sorry.
I don't know why I didn't change that.
I had it changed.
Sorry.
It's October.
Their reference after this.
About a third of the proteins that might be targeted by autoimmune conditions by SARS-CoV-2 viral proteins, either through infection or injection, target the immune system.
But from the start, it looks like this virus has evolved the ability to attack our immune system as part of its disease-causing capacity.
This pathogenic priming, I predicted.
It's funny because actually the echo means that there's nobody there.
In my study, which parts of the human body would likely be most affected by pathogenic priming?
And now studies by medical physicians, by medical teams around the world are confirming my predictions.
This is not simply a respiratory virus with respiratory symptoms.
This affects many tissues across the body.
There is no vaccine yet in October of 2020.
He's only talking about the virus.
And there's some grave concern if you're going to get infected.
But where's the grave concern if you're going to be injected with these same proteins?
Not a single, to my knowledge, not a single vaccine manufacturer took heed of my warning to remove those unsafe epitopes from the vaccines.
before they formulated their vaccines, in spite of being... So you can take out the dangerous epitopes.
If you'd have just taken out the prion protein, if you'd have just taken out the amyloidogenic protein, the anterotoxin B homology, or the HIV inserts, if you'd have just taken out the fear and cleavage site, then everything would be fine.
What a remarkable argument to be making in October of 2020.
The guy that CHD puts on stage at every single event that they've ever put on that I've been aware of.
That's on stage regularly with Mary Holland since like 2015.
America needs your help.
Americans need help waking up to see the trap that they're in.
There is a fake health freedom, fake anti-vax movement
And one of the victims of it, one of the puppets of it, one of the I don't know what's of it is Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
He emailed my study with a plea to please consider taking out those unsafe epitopes.
Your body has 500,000 peptides throughout your life.
The coronavirus has something like 28 proteins.
What's the probability that there's going to be many proteins that match at small segments of immunogenic epitopes, very high?
We now have results from front runner vaccines from these hybrid trials where they skipped over the animals trials.
FDA, in absolutely ignoring safety margin in a stunning decision, decided to allow Moderna and other vaccine manufacturers to skip the most important step in vaccine safety for coronavirus, which is the animal trials.
No, this is completely wrong and then we'll end the show.
It is transfection.
Okay.
It's, it's, it's transfection.
We already know what happens in animals because we use it all the time on the bench in academia.
No trials required.
You could have asked any academic biologist that did what I did.
How well does this work as a vaccine?
And we would have said, that would be absurd.
We kill every animal that we transfect.
Ladies and gentlemen, these people were put in place.
They are liars.
They are traitors.
They are traitors to our grandchildren.
They have perpetuated a myth about a novel virus and all the variables we have to consider, all the different risks we have to measure and quantify.
When in reality, they're all playing for the same team, the Human Genome Project.
That's why Kevin's there.
That's why Claire's there.
That's why Jessica's there.
That's why Robert's there.
That's why Meryl is there.
They're all part of the same team.
And this team goes all the way back when this scheme was conceived.
It's a national security
issue.
It is a national security priority.
It is part of the national defense.
And Mark's book, Germs, stated it exactly.
Mark's book is one of the only books that even mentions Joshua Lederberg.
That alone should put it on the outskirts of the tiles.
Right, Vinay?
This is one seamless narrative
And it's been seamless at least, at least since George H.W.
Bush.
But the Vaccine Act was with Reagan, I think, in 84.
And where are we now?
The FLCCC has renamed themselves the Independent Medical Alliance.
They stand on the integrity of one man, this guy, Merrick,
And of course they chose other people with very confusing names so that you would never really hear Merrick's name.
Merrick is actually a hero.
Paul Merrick is the guy who figured out that you can treat people with sepsis with a big dose of vitamin C and it works.
And so they put Pierre Kory on him very early and Pierre Kory and him started this.
And Pierre Kory has been touring with him around the world and letting him say what he needs to say on stage, but always standing in front of him
And it's still happening today because of course this guy's now standing in front of him.
Who's else in this picture?
Look who else is in this picture.
There's the pathologist from Duke and good friend of Brett Weinstein, who was in the signal chat with me in 2021 with Brett Weinstein when I told them all of this.
and then ignored it for the last four years.
This guy was promoted on PBS NewsHour in 2008 as a ex-pharma exec who was gonna become a homesteader.
Sounds an awful lot like Robert Malone.
This is the duped, I think very duped Byron Bridle.
He has been very much in need of being controlled.
One of the people in this picture that's controlling him is this Mumpert lady here.
Mumpert works for CHD, and she's made the argument that we need genetically specific vaccines.
That's the reason why kids get injured in the first place.
They're back there.
That's Ryan Cole.
He was in front of a lot of churches with Lee Min Yan and Robert Malone and Karmadoc.
Like, come on.
And then we have this Lindsay lady.
She's also been touring around the world with these people lately.
It's all just, only has to be a few people that really are in on it.
Like, who is that guy that took over for Pierre Cory?
Come on.
And then these people all have fellows.
And they give them money every month, a stipend.
Whoa.
I think somebody sprayed something into the room here.
And now, this week, they have the mac daddy of them all.
They have Andrew Wakefield on with Paul Merrick to make sure that once and for all, they can finally, you know, get this guy the justice and karma he deserves.
It's all the same show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is for all the children of Earth.
It's for all the marbles.
That's why there's a fake anti-vax movement in America.
If you want to see through it, you got to figure out what this bad biology is and clean it out of your head and replace it with something else so that you can understand how they've used a background to bamboozle us.
And if we don't teach the children the truth,
They will be enslaved by this and we can teach the truth very simply ladies and gentlemen, they use non-specific PCR tests to misconstrue a Irreducibly complex background into something very specific that was evolving and could be tracked by this non-specific PCR test it's a lie and people like Vinay Prasad and ZDogg and Marty McCarty have never had the
and the biological wherewithal to question this, and that is because that's precisely why they've been chosen.
RNA cannot pandemic, ladies and gentlemen.
It's May 5th, 2025, and it still remains something that none of these people can say.
That using their tests to find their ghost does not make their ghost real, and nor does it make you a ghostbuster.
They use placebos to make this shit safe.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection is dumb.
My name's Jonathan Cooey.
I'm coming to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I'm happy to be here.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
I just can't believe that this is where we are.
Thanks very much for being here.
Come on, baby.
Whoa, you shot me in the back.